feat(element-template): create the element-template unique generator (#3008)
camunda/connectors: element-template-generator/uniquet/README.md

# Uniquet

> `uniquet` that goes through a github repository checking for all different versions of all elements-template and provide a single file containing all references of

Reviewer: nitpicking:
```suggestion
`uniquet` goes through a github repository checking for all different versions of all elements-template and provides a single file containing references to all versions
```
